Brenton Walker
Producer / Designer
Salt Lake City, Utah
(801) 999-8279

#Projects

404sight
Lead Producer | Retro Yeti Games | Published - April 2015

Project manager and team lead of multidisciplinary team of 12 (1.5 years)
Scoped project, features, timeline and bug database.
Created core design, ran playtests, and a/b testing.
150,000 downloads, 85% positive over 900 reviews.

Research Quest
Producer | Therapeutic Games and Apps Lab - University Of Utah | May 2015

Dino Lab: Research Quest is an app created in collaboration with the Natural History Museum of Utah in an effort to enhance critical thinking in junior high students. The game allows users to not only create dinosaurs using real bones but to test them in distinct scenarios to see if they will thrive or fail.

What Scientist Am I?
Producer | Therapeutic Games and Apps Lab - University Of Utah | December 2014

The app provides a hook for children (7-10 years old) who enter the museum. The purpose of the app is to generate a specific goal/case for the user that will entice them to visit a specific area in which they have a targeted interest.

Sims 3 Showtime
Embedded Engineering QA | Electronic Arts | March 2012

 Live the rags to riches story with your Sims while being connected to your friends! Experience the rise to stardom as your Sim performs on stage from one venue to the next.

Sims 3 Pets 3DS
Embedded Engineering QA |  Electronic Arts | Mar 2012

Make your Sims’ home feel even more alive with a new pet! Sometimes an animal is the best companion. Your Sims will love their new pets and all the things they can do. Teaching them tricks is only the beginning.

#Work Experience

Lead Producer | Retro Yeti Games
January 2014 - Present

Producer | Therapeutic Games and Apps Lab (University of Utah)
May 2014 - May 2015

Produced 3 separate educational games for Natural History Museum of Utah, including 1 year joint research project funded by Natural History Museum.
Estimated reach of over 80,000 visitors annually for projects 
Designed, prototyped, and ran public playtests for each game.
Created a dozen distinct prototypes before final iteration.
Directed and managed features and instructional design.

Engineering Quality Assurance | Myrooms.com
August 2013 - January 2014

First QA hire for the company. Assigned to the Unity engine team. Wrote initial test plans for the project. 
Assisted in selecting QA team members, and subsequently training them. 
Maintained bug database, and promoted development builds to live website.

Embedded Quality Assurance | Electronic Arts Salt Lake
March 2011 - February 2012

Selected as first embedded QA in the studio.
Main liaison between QA and Engineering teams.
Created and designed testing and compliance checks
Responsible for verifying all features locally before committed to the main build
Declared stable builds with daily smoketests 
Extensive experience coordinating internal, first party, and ESRB certification

#Skills

Project management
Organizational behavior
Prioritizing & scoping
Scrum / Agile processes
QA processes / methods
Instructional Design
User Experience Design
Technical training
Adobe Creative Suite
Spanish - fluent

#Education

Entertainment Arts and Engineering | MEAE | University of Utah | 2015

International Trade and Commerce | BA | University of Utah  | 2011

Spanish (minor)

